- First: You are not going to be ranged/far off your squad, you are going to be following the tag/those who are staying on tag closely as most of your support skills are in tight in radius (this applies to all players within a squad: You also stay tightly packed to spread the total damage across more players, reducing the singular damage a player takes by causing a wider distribution of that damage).
                                                
                                                - Second: You should not be meteor showering, ever. You waste a lot of time that you could have spent elsewhere doing something far more useful for your team than dealing minstrel damage.
                                                
                                                - Third: You shall not be camping in attunements. You should be switching in and out of your attunements regularly to uphold your usefulness to your group as every second matters. Waste another second here and there while waiting for cooldowns on spells instead of switching to other attunement causes you to eventually lose out on a whole attunement rotation (losing out on one full switch to an attunement you could have direly needed). 

                                                Crucial tip on attunement swapping: If you have exhausted your attunements and you are stuck in a useful attunement while waiting for cooldowns, switch to fire to not waste any more time in the previous attunement. By doing this, you will allow your previous attunement to finally tick off cooldown so you can time a return when needed. Use fire attunement switch as a "waiting room" between your cooldowns. If you're stuck in water while waiting for cooldowns then you're better off swapping to fire to later switch back to water for the attunement swap effects rather than staying in water and auto attacking.
                                            
                                                <i>ROTATION</i>

                                                The basic rotation for you will be to swap to earth from whatever attunement you started in before the engage (I assume it will mostly be from air due to people wanting swiftness). 
                                                You will be giving allies near you protection upon swapping to earth. Then you shall Staff 4 line the enemy path in front of the direction they are going in. You don't want to Arcane Wave immediately, but rather right after the shade calls to make sure their aegis is already stripped before applying the immob upon the shade area. Don't waste both Arcane Waves, save one in case you need to rotate right back to earth after next attunement. Also, if you burn both in one place, then you most likely either renewed the immob on whoever was not cleansed (not applying to new targets) or just got your second wave blocked when enemy firebrands applied another set of aegis. 

                                                Then you will be swapping to water. Your Water attunement will be more useful during engages and clashes and should not be focused on regroups. And usually during engages and clashes your attunement swap in to Water will be far more useful for cleansing and burst healing to help allies stay on tag.

                                                Immediately identify where to place your Healing Rain. If you are coming out of stealth and you have the clear advantage on engaging the enemies (and they do not notice you until spiked) then you might want to wait with placing Healing Rain. The point of switching to water is to proc the Water Attunement swap effects (check "Notes" for more information) and to aid your allies defensively. You don't need to burn it all if you are steamrolling a surprised enemy group.
                                            
                                                However if you are engaging with an aware enemy group then you need to find out where your commander is going, what direction. While Healing Rain has a huge radius and can be cast from a 1,2k range, you want to make sure it is as centered on to the commander's desired destination as possible. You do this because that is where the commander anticipates the fight to take place, the spikes and all the conditions will be focused at. By placing a good Healing Rain you will effectively cleanse your squad with pulsing condition removal from the skill itself and from the regeneration it applies coupled with the Cleansing Water trait again. This is one of the two places you will "collect" the most cleanses at. Staff 2 + 4 is a great combo for not only chilling targets but to also apply frost aura on allies within it, giving them 10% damage reduction.
                                            
                                                You should be dodging (don't burn all your dodges..) the enemy spikes, this will not only help you but with the traited Stop, Drop and Roll you will remove chill and burn from nearby allies on a 10s icd. This can help people to get on tag. Your first stunbreak might have been triggered by now from the Gale song tempest trait, and you will have given a 10 people stunbreak and superspeed. So do not waste your shout skill "Eye of the Storm!" yet unless you get stunlocked.
                                                
                                                Tip on "Eye of the Storm!": Do never use your stunbreak shout for superspeed engages, only use it reactively (when you actually get stunned) and not before. Also keep in mind the traited version having a 40s cooldown, so manage your active one with respect to the traited passive one.
                                            
                                                Next up, go in to Air attunement. Now you apply swiftness to allies and you have access to your staff 5 unblockable CC Static Field. This is best used for other spikes when well spikes are called for after the shades, as you have swapped from earth and waiting for next shade spike to be called. You place the Static Field upon where the wells are called, the field bypasses aegis and stuns anyone who enters it and exits it. This can not be evaded either, so it confuses many people who get stuck inside it and try to evade out. Lol. Remember that you still have one skill that removes cripples, immobs and chills in air and that is Windborne Speed. The Air staff 4 skill people use for swiftness... Use it during combat for cleansing purposes and not for the swiftness spamming. You give swiftness upon swapping to Air in the first place. 

                                                Now you feel that the shades should be up soon on your necros who have not rallybotted so far. Switch on over to earth again for staff 4 and Arcane waving for the next shades. Do note this time you will be casting Arcane Wave right before the shades land, as opposed to the first engage where you casted it right after, because they most likely do not have aegis up now during fight. And then swap right out again to water for additional cleanses and heals.
                                                
                                                What about Fire? You didn't mention Fire. You are not supposed to ever use the skills there unless you need to dodge far away from your current position. Then you use Burning Retreat and evade backwards wherever you aimed for, hopefully back to tag. It is a free evade. You also ever switch to fire to "wait" for other attunements to come off cooldown, better than being stuck on a useful attunement with no available skills and preventing the attunement from getting off cooldown. Besides, swapping more frequently will net you more value to your group support wise than camping in an element.
                                            
                                                <i>OVERLOADS</i>

                                                Exclusively water, you do not overload any other skill because you are not an aura share tempest, so putting your useful attunements on a longer cooldown will waste your time and will mess up your rotations. You will not be able to Arcane Wave as reliably because you have to wait longer to get back in to earth and your overloads are often interrupted anyway. Water overload is the only one worth going in to because of the pulsing heals and cleanses coupled with Healing Ripple proc and the Renegeration you apply at the end of the overload as comboed with the trait Cleansing Water that then removes an additional condition. This is your other big cleanser skill.

                                                <i>REVIVING DOWNED ALLIES</i>

                                                Give it a try and revive downed allies if you see that you do not die doing so. Staying alive is crucial for you in order to be useful and you actually do have a ranged revive if things get a bit heated. 
                                                Usually the spikes on downed allies are too hard to go in to and hand revive, but if you got ballsy firebrands joining you in attempt to revive with MIs or hand reviving, then you should too on an informed decision. You do not want to waste Geyser as a heal in my opinion, I would save it for anticipating allies going down coupled with your Arcane trait called Arcane Resurrection. Together, the Geyser skill and the traited Geyser will more quickly revive downed allies within the radius. You cast Geyser (water staff 3) on the downed area and run in to either fully hand res OR quickly press F to revive and then dodge out. What happens it that as soon as you press F to revive, you proc your traited Arcane Resurrection, which casts another Geyser in that area for quicker revive. You also give the resurrected ally/ies an aura based on the attunement you are in when they get revived. You see allies having Frost Aura which gives them 10% reduced incoming damage for a set time, and that helps them reset.
                                                
                                                <i>"Rebound!"</i>

                                                This elite skill is a 10 targets shout which gives the chance to negate the lethal blow and instead heal, then give an aura based the attunement you END IT ON. Not the attunement you had when you casted it! This is crucial to know because you often want your allies to end up with Shocking Aura (Air Attunement) for the chance to CC enemies who deliver the next hit upon the affected allies with the auras. Also, when to cast it? You surely don't want to waste it, use it when being engaged upon by enemies or when clashing with them. This is a skill, if used correctly, that can save 10 people from going down.

                                                <i>"Flash Freeze!"</i>
                                                
                                                Used for condition cleansing, it applies not only the 10% damage reduction aura and the chilling effect on enemies but it also applies regeneration. That will trigger Cleansing Water to clear a condition on 10 allies (you included). This is another condition cleansing skill, and on lower cooldown, but do not use it if the allies are chilled or burned because you have your dodge for that on engages. If you are regroupped and are just waiting, let the short duration condition run out on allies over burning cleanses or this skill for a mere bleed that is about to end in 3 seconds. Save it for immobs and cripples when you're not able to swap to water or when you're not in air to staff 4 it off.

                                                <i>"Wash the Pain Away!"</i>

                                                It's a shout that reaches 10 people (you included). Do not use this for cleansing purposes, it only cleanses 1 condition at the final pulse. Its main function and purpose it to heal allies, and it heals a lot so don't waste it if people do not need heals. All heals should be focused during engages and clashes, not on regroups. You make the most impact on your squad's survival if you support them during the engages and fight rather than after / between downtime.