If you struggle with survivalbility, you can change the trinkets from Berserker to Maraurder, Cavalier or Knight for extra health making it a bit easier to survive.
                                            Hammer CC synergises well with No Escape trait and Severance sigil, so does Fullcounter.
                                            Make sure you have Stability and Resistance before using bubble, you will be main priority target for the enemy during the cast time of Winds of Disenchantment.
                                            Why have Stability and Resistance? In case of corruption your stability becomes fear, if resistance isn't removed as well, it won't fear you. In the other case, if Resistance is corrupted/stripped you might still have stability and it will prevent the interruption of your cast.
                                            The main goal is to deliver a long channeled bubble, which might be very hard. You have to watch your movement as well as enemy's one.
                                            Your ideal combo after using bubble would be Hammerstun -> Full counter -> Hammerstun -> weaponswap -> Arcing slice. This way you deliver a good amount of CC and damage. Use this in other Spellbreakers' bubbles and wells.
                                            Remember that you can mitigate movement impairing effects such as immobilize with any movement ability.
                                            If your group is on TeamSpeak/Discord and you are able to call your bubble with voice, do so. It will help the commander react to it faster and so does your entire group to coordinate damage and CC on your bubble, as well as your Firebrand keeping you alive. Announce it with a countdown before channeling and where you are using it.
                                            In hard fights Sword/Shield can be more efficient than Hammer, since you can leap faster and cover more distance, block with shield n5 and immobilize after Bubble with Flurry.